[Music]
we just went from great browser and
she's gonna tell us what she's come here
to present to demo and tell us in a bit
more about what you're working on a
brave and would I be FS okay so yeah we
are demonstrating the integration with
IPS insight brief so right now we have a
one-click install for IPS company
extension inside a brave knight link so
it's a one-click
when you click a toggle it just show up
and ask you if you want to install IBM
as companion with older permission we
are going to grant it it and never you
add it let's just give it a moment
we have experimental modes we are
currently collaborating with IBM St so
we have a mode embedded in Chrome
sockets so what that does is break
actually exposing sockets API to our
various companion so it's different from
Chrome so we could have the ability to
use like TCP API and UDV API for these
are great
with that what it actually does is so
wait you said using TCP and UDP api's
where are those safety is actually
coming from is it a special it's guy
chromecast
he just doesn't exposed usually